this is the Triton 500 it's a brand new
gaming laptop and it's the first truly
thin and light gaming laptop that acer
has ever made that mean they've made
some thin devices before thin devices
but this is the first one they've made
that was actually competitive with the
other thin and light gaming laptops in
the premium segment and for their first
attempt at making a truly thin and light
gaming laptop I think they did an
awesome job it's actually cheaper than
all the other devices here so if you're
interested in picking one up I would
suggest the r-tx 2060 configuration even
right now I feel like the RT X 28 Emacs
cues or the 27th Emacs cues are just not
where the value is at 2060 is the way to
go
gaming performance is very good on the
RT x 2060 on the 144 hertz panel stuff
just looks really smooth all the popular
titles are going to play very well on
this thing it also has an overclockable
GPU so in the software in here you can
bump it up a little bit if you want the
thermal performance on this device is
also pretty good I do not know if the
fan profile is different between the
different configurations so this is
their weakest configuration the 2060 and
the thermals are comfortable but the
fans do get loud also if you activate
cooler boost and crank up the fans to
max you get the best thermal performance
but it gets even louder and at that
point you definitely need to have
headphones if you're playing games or
anything like that
now as I used this device I realized
that this thing was very familiar this
whole device and all the components and
how they built it was very familiar it's
because it is basically a clone on the
inside to the msi ge62 5 now that is a
device that I've reviewed in the past
and I'm quite familiar with it so when I
crack this thing open I just recognize
like there's so much about this that is
very similar to the msi ge62 5 the
internals are designed in a somewhat
annoying way you only have easy access
to your Wi-Fi card and your battery I'll
get into the battery details in a second
but you don't have access at least easy
access to your RAM or your drives you
have to unscrew the motherboard and do a
pretty extensive disassembly to access
them and on a gaming laptop I feel like
that's a bit of a miss a lot of people
want to switch those things out and
upgrade them in the future and it's just
a difficult task on this particular
laptop same with the GS 65 the speakers
on the side are also not great they're
very average sounding Acer has some
software to try to make
sound a little better a little different
but doesn't matter what the software is
doing it they just they sound very plain
okay inside the keyboard and the
trackpad are also very similar to the GS
65 the mechanism on the keys are a
little bit different but the layout is
surprisingly similar to the GS 65 now I
prefer the keyboard on the triton I feel
like it's just a more responsive
keyboard it feels better to me for
gaming and typing and I would say that
of the thin and light gaming laptops
like this whole stack here I would say
that this is the best keyboard for the
average person I think most people get
used to this keyboard quicker than any
of these the lighting on this keyboard
is zoned lighting so instead of
individually lit Keys they have three
different zones but they also have this
thing where the WASD Keys have this blue
tinted plastic and when you change the
colors of the lighting the lights of
those keys have this blue hue to them
which is a little bit weird but by
having zoned lighting it helps to keep
the manufacturing costs down it also has
a turbo button at the top of the
keyboard you press it and the fans kick
in the trackpad is pretty good it's
running Windows precision drivers got a
pretty smooth surface there's nothing I
would really complain about this track
bed it is a little small if that matters
to you but it's pretty solid for a
gaming laptop the screen 144 Hertz 1080p
panel it's supposedly overclockable to a
three millisecond response time but it's
bright it's reasonably color accurate I
think it's a great screen for gaming now
the build quality on the Triton 500 is
something that I think is quite special
especially because of its price this is
a cheaper device than the MSI G is 65
but I think this is a better built
device than the MSI this is a very light
laptop this is 1.9 kilograms the Triton
is 250 grams more which may not seem
that significant but it is noticeable
but for that extra weight you get a
device that's built better there's less
flex on the chassis the bottom panel is
a little bit sturdier the whole device
feels just better built also the finish
of this device is slightly better if you
look at the bottom edge of this thing
the edges less sharp compared to the MSI
Gio 65 it's also got very similar ports
to the MSI 3 you see pa1 use bc that
supports the noble 3 and it also has an
Ethernet jack which is nice on a fin
unlike gaming laptop but compared to the
market what you're getting with this
device is better bang for your buck the
triton 500 has excellent
performance for a reasonable price it
also has a pretty good battery life
it's a 84 watt hour battery and I got
six hours with the screen at 215 it's
it's a pretty decent sized battery the
AC adapter it's 180 watts it's
relatively compact but because the
battery life is pretty decent on this
laptop I don't feel like it to bring it
around with you wherever you go but
overall I think they did a great job on
their first attempt at a fin and light
gaming device I do think it's better
than the GS 65 for me personally if I
had to decide between the two I opted
for the Triton 500 but yeah if you do
pick one up though our chick's 2060
instead of that 2080 max-q
[Music]